{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Medium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red39\green44\blue49;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
\cssrgb\c20392\c22745\c25098;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17280\viewh13220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 1. When you open R, there will be only three panels. You see the console, the environment pane and the file and outputs pane. The fourth panel is a scripts pane. So we can go to file - new script \
\
For the sake of time, I have already written some scripts \
\
2. You will notice some lines start from # they are code comments, lets add one here Company, etc\'85 this is like the metadata, tells us what this code for and any other notes you may want to have. You can write as much as you want, it doesn\'92t affect the code. \
\
2. Next we have code section, - it makes it easier to navigate. Ctrl/cmd+shift+R OR code -insert section. Write this comment \
\
3. I have my code written here, but I need to run, there are different ways of running a code \
\
4. Our data is inside the data folder. So I need to tell R what is my file name and where the data is. As soon as I run it, we can see that the data is here. And, just like excel, I can open it and see it. \
\
5. Skip tables for now and then lets go to filter and mutate\
In mutate change TRUE, FALSE to Yes, NO\
\
6. Run the table code and show. Now say we are going to format this table in the other script\
\
\
7. Lets, check the folders and run the script. So that is what this scrip this does, takes in data, and creates this plot and a table automatically with today\'92s date. Let\'92s go through it step by step now. \
\
8. Run my_table command, why is not showing in the console? Because we have stored as an object, it is showing up here. In order to print it we can say print(my_table). If we run an action without storing, it will show up here, but if we save it in an object, we have to print it here to see it. \
\
9. In ggplot, type pipe and point to the error \
\
10. Add facet_wrap(~id_district) +\
\
11. change_theme()\
\
12. Comment out facet_wrap line \
\
13. Change legend label  fill = "Area type",\
\
Keyboard shortcuts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Clear the console : Ctrl + L\cb1 \
\cb3 Run current line of code : Ctrl/Cmd + Enter/Return\cb1 \
\cb3 Pipe %>% operator : Ctrl/Cmd + Shift + M\cb1 \
\cb3 See previous code in console: Up arrow key\
Start an ew section Ctrl/Cmd+Shift+R\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Show all shortcuts in RStudio: Shift + Alt + K\cf4 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
}